with seven fences left to jump ruby ball
just the leader from first lieutenant a
brilliant jump up on the outside to land
in the lead in second Ruby ball third is
sir Deshawn followed by on the inside
Bob's worth Union East right with them
been foiled of prince devotion Lord
Windermere librarian legend still
tightly grouped second last-ditch again
first lieutenant was Spring Heeled on
the outside of Ruby ball their closely
followed by sir Deshawn with Bob's worth
and then Union East on the outside at
the next fence now Ruby ball first
lieutenant sir Deshawn pant Bob's worth
Union Easter's next Lorene legend foiled
of Lord Windermere and Prince devotion
they're going now towards the fourth
fence from the finish and still the
field covered by four lengths Ruby ball
going to rise with first lieutenant on
the outside sir de sharp and Bob's Worth
and Union East just behind them in fifth
then foiled of and librarian legend Lord
Windermere tried to improve Prince
devotion is just the back marker last of
the ditch is not three from the finish
as they go to a ruby ball on the inside
alongside first lieutenant followed by
Bob's Worth and sir Deshawn and then
Union East librarian legend foiled of
Lord Windermere and just a couple of
lengths now to Prince devotion they turn
and race across towards the second-last
Ruby ball and first lieutenant on the
outside sir de zombies third then lion
legend Bob's Worth on the inside Union
Eastern Lord Windermere they're racing
now towards the home turn in the Lexus
and it is Ruby Walsh and Ruby ball first
lieutenant David Casey on the outside
they're chased up by Bob's Worth and
Barry Garrity then sir Deshawn they're
racing now towards the final fence
Ruby ball and first lieutenant from
Bob's work towards the stand side and
then sir - aunt they're coming down to
the final fence in the Nexus and as they
rise first lieutenant in the center
Ruby ball over on the far side being
followed by Bob's worth they race to the
inside of us to
Oh George hunt first lieutenant hair
comes boobs worth the gold cap where
there to cut them down they're racing up
towards the finish hunt boobs worth the
champion has done it bombs worth and
Bernie Kennedy win the Lexus for Nicki
Anderson first lieutenant placed again
Ruby ball third sir - on living legend
foiled of Lord Wyndemere unionist and
Prince